Part 1. Analysis

The D3 page has a lot more contributions compared to the other GitHub graphs and as a consequence has a lot
of branches and commits for many users. THere are aslo a lot of users who aren't very active, or not very
active recently, leaving large blank spots on the pages that is awkward to scroll through. Both D3 and Caleydo
have rather long time lines, CS171's is shorter with more frequent commits, making it seem more condensed.
D3's page has large x and y dimensions, Caleydo is more stretched across the x, with not as much y. 
CS171 has less in both dimensions. 

Attributes: project contributors, commits, in order of when committed, merges and branches

Other relevant attributes might be: Commit size, additions, deletions, current issues,
most active recent areas, active contributors, total daily commits

Filters that might be relevant: those who made commits, most active contributors, 

Roles:
	Caleydo: used for seeing what other branches are being developed and by who? Keeping
	track for merges?
	D3: Maybe more specific to contributors wanting to see activities on the repository, 
	or what commits they may not personal be current on. Also valuable for the project 
	manager keeping track of project status, but because its so large unlike Caleydo, 
	it is harder to get an overview of the development. With the D3 graph
	 it seems there is more of a need to already know what is going on. 
	CS171: Most useful, for the class group, especially TA's, instructors, and graders. 
	Could be useful, keeping track of updates and changes. With this graph I think it's
	less about developing features and more about managing information and data. Roles
	specific to this graph: students, graders, instructors, TF

Roles in all graphs: Manager, Viewers, Contributors, Interested Contributors

Task: Overview, status checks on: commits, branches, merges, contributors,  checking on 
what have to do, who's working on what, perhaps checking for duplicate issues, amount
of activity, 